EWSO365 - handle attachments with non utf-8 encoded chars (#12829)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_18.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS O365

> - Fixed an issue where the integration failed to parse attachment with non UTF-8 encoded characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where parsing attachments with non UTF-8 encoded characters failed.
```
